We'll be back with more rug rats after this
Snick is coming and this week something immature is going on
After an all-new Alex Mack
Get ready get set for all that Nick's cool new comedy show
When the cast hangs with musical guests immature
What are those instruments for?
So catch all that and all of snick or you'll miss out big time tonight starting in 8-7 central
They're looking for me new pot of gold marshmallows, but they're not in there
Me lucky charms for the rest of me marshmallow shapes. They must be around you somewhere
Lucky's two-colored marshmallows can still be found in special boxes of lucky charms a part of a good breakfast
That's magically delicious and with two proofs of purchase this musical pot of gold bank can be yours free details on marked boxes of lucky charms
One deal
Caitlin star JB Reese team up to battle the treacherous dark heart. He attacks in the skyboard jet firing a mega missile
Oh brutal, but he's no match for the VR troopers. They soar in on the VR turbocycle and blast him out of the sky
team up with a VR troopers
Saban's VR troopers
The R troopers turbo cycle other figures and vehicles each sold separately
Raft macaroni and cheese presents
Super Mario Brothers
Super Mario Brothers now it's your turn to put the fight on Bowser
You're watching Nickelodeon and now back to Rugrats
The way I figure it even if I got a job eating eyeballs
It would still be better than the job I had last summer
Seriously, somehow my brother Pete had gotten a job as a stock broker
Ellen was teaching old people how to air swim and me I ended up on route 34 cutting the longest stupidest lawn in the world
Around the 170 mile mark I get so bored I began asking myself deep philosophical questions
Like to dogs go to dog heaven when they die, but do they go to regular heaven?
Then I try to blow up passing cars with psychic energy
It only worked once
Then the heat would get to me and I started hallucinating about ellen
Maybe because she owed me money
But then there she was with a popsicle and her air swimming cap still on hi
I told her I still had six miles to go, but she said I'll just walk with you a little ways then
Get a lot of this a little less fun here
Let's talking forget less how about what a sweet chewy raisins in Kellogg's raisin bread. That's um, that's two scoops
No, what do you say about that?
It's part of this complete breakfast Kellogg's raisin bread has got a whole lot of what you want
Now you can get up to 12 free plays of games at latin's castle cyber station
Putt but timeout and spaceport on nintendo's cruising usa when you buy Kellogg's raisin bread cereal
That's a lot of raisin
I've got the cheeseburgers Carla
I've got the cheeseburgers
Over here get back those burgers
I'm gaining them
Later dudes follow those cheeseburgers
I'll get it
Let's touch up. What's up now sparkling ponies
Sparkling ponies and pony bears as sparkling jewels and sparkling hair
I love all the playful ponies things they do the prancing ponies dress beautifully
The baby twins are sweetest can be and the champion ponies love showing off for you
Sparkling ponies and pony bears are in the littlest pet shop now
Everything they do is a wow
Little is patch up sparkling ponies and sparkling pony bears eat so separately
No other night
No other place
No way to stop it
There's a
Would you want to grow up here? I have to I'm alex mac. I was just another average kid until my first day of junior high
One minute. I'm walking home. The next day's a crash and I'm drenched in some weird chemical
And since then nothing's been the same
He thinks it's cool
And my sister annie thinks i'm a science project
I can't let anyone else find out
Not even my parents
I know the chemical plant wants to find me and turn me into some experiment, but you know something
I guess i'm not so average anymore
alex wake up
What are you doing up so early?
I have a presentation to make today to miss athron on gc 161
I need you. Oh, I had it all worked out, but it's reading incomplete
This is really the last time dad. I can't keep doing all your work for you
I made some cocoa before I woke you
Perfect. Here's your problem dad. The convergence equation is off by 0.232. It can't complete itself
Unbelievable alex. What would I do without you?
What's wrong? You're dreaming again. That's what's wrong
Annie alex your girls are right in there
Oh, good morning dad. What was all that noise?
Um, annie just knocked some of her books over. Look at this mess alex
You've got to try and be a little neater. Please clean up this room before you leave for school
Two outs two men on dad says it's late. I say no way just as he's about to send me to bed
Well a three-run home
Sure
At that moment. I realized my destiny the big leagues
Yeah
Dad and I sometimes stay up all night talking about baseball
He's even getting off early from work and come on and teach me a few of his pitches
That's great
When'd you grab your minute come on over?
No, I have some stuff to do at home. Hey dad want to play some catch?
Oh alex look what you made me do
You really have to be more careful. Look at this
I just wanted to play some catch
Not right now, honey. I have a lot of work to go over after I clean up this mess
Is this a game anyone can play?
alex was a little over enthusiastic to see me arrive
So am I. I'm ready to move to the next level of my new millennium DNA structure
Annie dad has a lot of work to catch up on
Already, but that's amazing. We were only talking about it three weeks ago
It was two, but once you explained the basic principles to me. It was so much easier to understand
Come on. I want to show you just you know, you brought that concept so quick
Maybe we'll play some other time dad. Can you check my book report for me? Oh, uh, sure, honey
Let's see the yearling. I don't believe I read this one. Oh, it's really good
It's about this um poor lonely kid in florida. Well, and I'm not quite sure that I explained the theme, right?
Does it sound okay the theme?
Is that the same as the plot?
To be honest alex your mom is much better at english than me
sure
Okay, dad
George could I see you in the kitchen for a moment? In a minute, honey
Now george
George you're a wonderfully kind loving generous man. Thank you, barber
But sometimes your brilliant mind manages to hide all of that. I did something wrong
Only if you consider ignoring alex wrong, I didn't ignore her. Your english is better than mine sweetheart
That's not the point. You need to be there for her as much as you're there for annie. Now barbara
Aren't you exaggerating?
Actually, I think I'm minimizing this problem
You know annie and me have a special
rapport
It's annie and I you see what I mean about my english george. I'm being serious. You need to find a way to make this up to her
You're right
What do you suggest?
I suggest that you figure this out on your own
By saturday saturday
It was my dad's screwball that got me. You know, I was thinking about my hall of fame speech
And bam the ball bounced off the glove and hit me in my head
I'd rather get conked on the head than have to play catch by myself
But check this out
Dad felt so bad about beating me over the head. He offered to take us to the amusement park tomorrow
He says the new thunderstorm roller coaster might be a little safer for me than playing catch
The one that does the 360 degree loop
Yes
I have a surprise for you
We're going on a little trip just you and me. Isn't that great?
A trip great when tomorrow?
Tomorrow won't work dad. I plans with rey and his dad tomorrow
We're going to the new thunderstorm ride at the amusement park
I'm sorry alex, but this is something your mother really wants us to do
I mean it's something I want us to do. I promise it'll be more fun than any roller coaster ride
Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah, seventh grade was pretty tough
I remember how I struggled with my paper on electromagnetic radiation
You did that when you were my age?
Well, actually I was a couple of years younger than you since I skipped two grades
But alex, we all have our own talents
Like uh that keychain you made for me in camp a couple of years ago
I couldn't have done that
Hi honey, listen. I'm gonna go run some errands. You want to come with me?
We could spend some time together
No, I can't. I'm working on my dna project and I'm making progress, but I have a deadline
Okay, you want any help with it?
No, I don't think so
See I'm attempting to create a fabrication of how man might evolve into and through the 21st century
Great. Yeah, so see you later. Okay
We're almost there alex
Where's there?
My favorite place when I was a kid it was filled with fun and adventure
What is it rocks alex rocks
Your first geological experience you'll never forget it rocks
That's gonna be more fun than thunderstorm
Absolutely
Chad, are you sure you know where we're going?
Scary
Scary not at all, honey
Very interesting
Normally this type of quartz isn't found around this area really
This whole area was a silver mine at the turn of the century. I used to come here a lot when I was a kid
Well, maybe you found everything interesting back then
Oh, here alex, let me help you
I don't need your help dad. I think I can find my own rocks
alex be careful
Don't worry. I can take care of myself
How can seven kids have this much character two words?
All that watching
All that the show with a little
And a whole lot
What's all that tonight at 8 37 30 central only on snake
Are you afraid of magic fast rapophobia? It's a real thing afraid of ghosts. That's basmophobia
Are you afraid of the dark scotophobia? And if you're afraid of nicolodians, are you afraid of the dark?
That's only natural
Your worst fears come to life in the scary tales of are you afraid of the dark
Tonight at 9 30 8 30 central are you scotophobia?
Snack and find out
Cocoa puffs and it's puffed up chocolatey things. Not us. We're strong. We're fucked. We're tough
I still bet you go cuckoo for cocoa puffs the puffed up chocolatey part of this for breakfast
So cocoa for it's a Duncan yoyo
It glows in the dark
It's got sunny space and it's free with two proofs details on work boxes of cocoa puffs
Tetris dr. Mario
Tetris
Dr. Mario
They're on one game back tetris and dr. Mario. It twice is insane only for super nes. All right, you're gonna kick your tail
No, I'm gonna kick your tail. No, I'm gonna
Hey, hello, my name's Dana carving
And this is two stories from semi-famous people
True stories from
Oh school we had a club called the great club
In fourth grade and you had to be great to be in it. We just formed it and said you're great. You're great. I'm great
That's a great club
It was just called the great club and your only qualification was you had to be great. Well, stevely was the enforcer
Uh, Dave Marquez had a really cool dad and my thing was I was always I was funny
I was doing impressions of the teacher and classmates and stuff everyone in class wanted to be in the great club
Everyone goes can I be in the great club? I don't think you're great
I can't believe I'm remembering this
Must be in here
Ever to d'avre a special weird orange thing for one true story
Party on
Be nice
David Sedoni here for nicolodeans being the sound of something new and to let you know how committed
I am to getting you the lowdown on what kids are into. I'm making the following play
I promise to go anywhere and do anything to find out what's going on in your world
I will try out the newest games in sports
I will sample the latest foods and fashions. I'll hang out with sports superstars and get up close and personal with beat time celebrities
That's a tough job, but someone's got to do it. Watch being the sound of something new next friday at 7 36 30 central on nic
Have you kids seen Alex? Now back to alex max
Slowly
Hey
How about you take a break and come have some lunch with me? No, thanks mom. This is great
Please don't is this spin
Be careful. Sorry. I didn't mean to delay man's evolution here
Make fun of it if you want, but it's really important to me
Annie, don't you think you're getting a little too tense about this? No, I need to finish this by win
But whenever
I thought so
You get back to work. I'll see you later
Maybe I could eat something
So come on
About the theory of relativity and you got all excited
It must have been really proud. Actually, I was really frightened. You were only eight years old at the time
I know I get really intense about my work. It's just that I'm always feeling like I have to achieve something big
You know sweetheart, you'll achieve a lot
Sometimes you just have to take a break from it. There's more to life than work
It's actually something I have to keep reminding myself of that
Yeah, I know what you mean. My friends were going bowling the other night and for a second
I really wanted to go and then I decided not to and wait wait a minute
You wanted to go bowling?
See, there was this really cute guy named chris who was going
Never mind. Never mind. I'm gonna go finish my work. No, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Come on. Come on. Come on. Tell me
Tell me about chris
Okay, he's in my history class and he's really cute and he has this long hair and he's sort of funny
Does he know that you like him? No way. Okay, I'll tell him. How's that?
Thought about it the more I was afraid that I was gonna make a jerk out of myself
Let me get this straight
You understand gravity waves and atom splitting and you're afraid of a few gutter balls?
Well, yeah
It's kind of the way alex and I feel when you and daddy start talking about science
I think it hurts alex too
She feels like there's nothing special about her yet. I think she's starting to get over that
See isn't this nice just sitting around doing nothing for a change
Yeah
There's something else I'd rather be doing
Oh, right. I know your dna project go ahead. I understand. No, that's not it
Could we go bowling together?
Bowling
There's nothing else I'd rather be doing. Let's go
alex I told you to be careful. You didn't listen to me
Well, now you know what it's like dad. What do you mean alex? You know I listen to you
Not like you listen to annie
Isn't that why mom made you do this with me?
alex it's true your mom and I discussed this but I wanted to do it
It's just that sometimes it's easier for me to talk to annie because we both love science
Sorry, I'm not a genius
You don't have to apologize alex. I do
You're really so special is sometimes I wish I could be more like you
Like me
I don't even want to be like me
Well, don't say that alex. Well, you do all these things. I never did
Well, I hardly ever played sports and I've never been to an amusement park in my whole life
You haven't what kind of a kid were you?
When I was your age, I used to stay around here digging around until I got too dark to see and my dad would have to come get me
It's when I first discovered science
Yeah, I think I know what you mean
I'm discovering things that are changing my life too. Really alex
Like what?
Well, um, maybe I'll tell you on our next trip
Our next trip
That sounds great alex
Dad pop the hood alex the battery's dead. You can't make it start dad. Just open the hood
And they're doing the best they can to cope with the horrors of adolescence
Look for a real monsters sunday mornings at 11 10 central only on nick
We were running swirls. I'd have my very own personal remote if you don't like what you're watching
Please stop leave your brother change the channel pop a big mac and fries, dear
Getting dressed for school would be fun
Clean my room would be a snap
Cool, and I wouldn't mind seeing my aunt naina so much
Muse button please to do your homework
How about a nice hot apple pie, dear?
Hey, you could happen
Many will play 10,000 will win see specially marked kellox boxes for rules
To enter the donkey kong giveaway without purchase, right?
Next for you today tomorrow the day after that for labor day groundhog day on washington's birthday on your birthday
On mother's day father's day stay home from school sick day on thanksgiving day the first day of spring
On a snow day on memorial day stay home from school when you're not really sick day
On valentine's day on a summer day on columbus day, but not an april fool's day. Just kidding nick is every day
Okay, i'll start
There are these seven kids like us
Just hanging around a basement
And they found a big old crate
And it was covered in dust and cobwebs and it was marked beware do not open because uh
That stuff will happen
But they opened the crate anyway
And all of a sudden a huge hideous
Suddenly all the lights went out
Now the kids were trapped in the dark basement with the hideous monster
It was not a happy time
The monster had big fangs and the floor got all slippery because it was drooling and oozing everywhere
Yeah, and it was a big old monster to y'all and had stars on his face right and one of his eyes
Was just bumping out the socket right and then it was missing a nose and instead of a nose
They had a pickle. Yeah, it was a pickle a big green that was a big little pickle deal
Yeah, but i grabbed one of the kids and uh, squeezed them good
Oh, could it out cal?
Yeah, man
Fresh out the box stop looking watch ready yet get set. It's all that
Morning mother he's cool confident. He's got a curfew jimmy barn agent one seven. How do you want your orange juice shake it?
Not dead give me your money and your jewelry and do it right now
Mother dash upstairs and take a bubble bath. Won't you all right?
Double you yes barn. Sorry to trouble you. This is an unexpected surprise old man problems. I'm afraid so 1 7
This is the infamous evil cold finger
Here's the problem cold figure used to work in a fast food restaurant. Who that is a problem
What can we do? No barn? That's not the problem. Let me finish
You see one day cold figure got his hand caught in the ice maker
We'll call a repairman. No, this happened long ago. Now. Let me finish the freak accident left his finger frozen solid in ice
Pond the problem is this cold finger has sent explosive hamburger meat to an unknown fast food restaurant
If we don't stop them by lunchtime, they'll cook the burgers and blow up the world
and
That's the problem. Now go save the world
Have you yes bond you're hurting me. Oh, sorry
Bond run like the wind
Hello
What's seven? How'd you find my secret hideaway? It wasn't difficult
You have a sign in your front lawn that says welcome to cold finger secret hideaway
Oh shithole
Can't you see you called you gotta get rid of the sign out in front is ludicrous. It's just
Hello, my name is bond
Jimmy bond and you are candy candy galore breath mint
Now if you will excuse me mr. Bond. I have a ludicrous sign to remove
Chitchat where are the tainted hamburgers and when will they explode tell me cold finger
Hey, look at my finger. It's really cold. Look there's ice on it. Don't try to change the subject now
Where's the explosive meat?
But it's really freezing
Oh cold. Look at it. You're quite right. It's cold. I know it's cold now. Where are the hamburger balls?
Nowhere in the world is there a finger colder than mine. I mean, it's cold cold like a popsicle
That does it coat finger
And it was my core finger see
I mean
Stop telling me your fingers cold. I know I don't disagree with you. It's cold
I'm a little hot. You're quite right code code
Are we clear on the temperature of my finger because it's really cold?
You want to play it rough
here
have some
Truth power now
Tell me code finger
The truth
Oh
The truth is
That my finger is extremely cold
Those hamburgers will be hitting the grill any moment. Tell me where they are
Do you have a man because my finger's cold?
I'll make a deal with you. You tell me where you sent that package of explosive meat
And I'll give you anything you wish. Oh, now you're talking. I want a helicopter in the
And a monkey. Oh, yeah, I want a potato. No make that two potatoes
Cold finger they sent this package back to you. You forgot to put a stamp on it
How embarrassing I'll take that explosive meat
The world is safe now code finger. Well, do I still get my monkey? No, I'm afraid you're left out in the code
Well, that's ludicrous. It's prettier than a monkey. Anyway, there's a ludicrous
Stay tuned because all that will be right back on snick
What will I be like with our inventions made by black americans?
There'd be no gas masks
The gas mask invented by garret morgan and that's just another reason why black history is your history
These kids are the only thing keeping me from fruit delicious tricks
A part of this can be breakfast that's just bursting with sweet fruity flavor
But I've got a plan this will slow them down
Finally trees is blind
Not so fast silly rabbit
Tricks are for kids back to the drawing board
Kids now you can get a chalkboard of your own on the back of mark boxes of tricks with two pieces of fruity colored chalk inside
When it comes to being stupid
He's brilliant
Adam sandler is that's nice belly madison. Yeah, so what's your point rated PG-13 starts friday
Now back to all that on snick
Weenies on bond. Oh, no, no Ed. This is just a plastic display weenie the weenies will be selling our normal size like this
Oh, don't be afraid
Okay, bring them in
You three get those good weenies are cooking
Ed Ed Ed Ed listen closely now. It's very important that you sell as many good weenies as possible
Have they ever let you down?
Yes, many times
Yeah, oh, yeah, here come some customers now remember sell sell sell good luck
Well, this is good
It was good
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger may I take your order? How about a good weenie?
Well, I'm kind of in a hurry. Uh
It's almost ready now
Oh
Enjoy your good weenie. Um, thanks
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger may I take your order?
Now, I like a good burger with good cheese, good sauce and some good fries
26 good weenies
Excuse me. I don't want 26 weenies 26 more good weenies
I want I want what I ordered
Okay, uh, that'll be eight bucks
You're different. Uh, thanks
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger may I take your order?
Uh, yeah, I'll just have 20 good weenies. How about 52?
No, 20 is plenty. How about 62 good weenies? How about you doing what I tell you?
Can I try on your shirt? No, man, that is all I'm going somewhere where everything is hunky and dory
And I can get the exact number of weenies I want
Pushy
Number 37 your foods ready
Uh
Everything uh, no
Uh, well, I try your good burger. Why don't you have 11 good weenies?
Sell one more good weenie one more good weenie. No, stop it
We can't sell any more good weenies. It's all over the news
Some customer found rubber bands and tape all over a good weenie
Uh, well
Yes, and now the whole good weenie deal is off. Goodbye
Maybe I should tell them the whole thing's my fault
Uh, no
How about a good one?
And now loy vev dimberg with vital information for your everyday life
People's don't like it when boys take their sandwich and run away screaming. Hey, look who's got your sandwich now
When you cough something up never take it to school and tell people it's your new friend robert
Pour soup on yourself and then run around shouting. Hey everybody. Look at me. I'm soup girl
Never put glue on a cow and then taunt him by saying sticky cow sticky cow. Ooh sticky cow
This has been loy vev dimberg with vital information
Five minutes everyone five minutes to the next scene. Oh, uh, hey make his hair look, uh, spiffy
Does my hair look good? How should I know I'm the makeup guy
Oh, your hair looks fabulous keenan. Thanks. See, yeah, I get that for my mom, right? She has fine hair too
So how long did it take you to learn how to cut hair?
Oh, I had to go to hair school for a year and then I had to train for another year
So uh, Colleen, uh, can you come here and sign for this shipment of shampoo?
Okay, I'll be right there here. Hang on to these. I'll be right back. Okay
Man two years to learn how to cut hair. That's ludicrous
I bet I could do it now
How y'all how y'all doing?
Anybody want a haircut? Come on. Don't be shy. Who's acting I cut? How about you? What about you? Oh, come on
What about you? Oh lord y'all hair needs some help all of you. What about you? Oh, come on
Hey, look at this guy
Excuse me. Pardon me. Excuse. Excuse me, buddy. Do you mind if I try cutting your hair?
I guess not. Well, I better start with the old scissors here. Here we go a little bit off the sides there
A little bit more off the sides. Whoops
They gotta just take a little more on this side and even things up. Sort of
Take some off the top
Slippy snip snip out
I'm cutting some hair now boy a little bit off the top a little more here and there
Good old time. Come here
Peanut
What do you think you're doing? We need you for the next scene
Peanut, what do you think you're doing? I'm not doing anything. Come on. Let's go. Okay
Boy, but I'm not finished. Oh that you're finished. He's gonna kill me. Um, I'm not done
Well, that's a bad thing what you did. Come on. Let's get back on here. Come on. Why don't you let me finish?
Okay, just set out. Okay. Uh, good. Uh, ready cameras rolling five four three two
Whoa big fella
Excuse me, sir. You're not allowed to
Stay tuned because all that will be right back on snick
Nick's trying something different three days at five four central this week. It's the adventures of peed and peed
Miss it and
This week at five four central only on nickelodeon
Little you see all the new z-bots. Hey got a z for me. We got zillions of z's for you
Z-bots with real spikes z-bots with a clobbering punch real cool
Hey, got a z for me. We got z-bots with crushing claws. What a crush z-bots with awesome armor
Z-bots with wicked weapons and sharks tea. Hey got a z for me. Yeah, take them all
Z-bots so cool
New z-bots figurepacks each sold separately new from micro machines
Hey, we gotta talk every morning. I slave over hot coals to make a nice hot breakfast you love
Kellogg's pop tots and do I get these things? No, sure Kellogg's puts in all that real fruit filling, but I make them hot
All toasted in tan and warm and gooey inside and when they pop up
What do you say? They're cool because they're hot. Give me some bread and show some respect
Not the chickens. Kellogg's pop tots part of this complete breakfast. They're cool. Good, they're hot
Now back to all that on snick
Everyday life algebra backwards you get
Mommy mommy it's hurting again
Get your teacher's attention. It's a bad idea to scream. Hey look over here. You freakish animal
This has been lorrybef dimberg with vital information
Um, guys, what's up with the trumpeting guitar?
Well, you know our musical guests in mature. They want me and Katrina to play with
Sure, and uh, our next season I'll be starting for the Lakers. Did I mention?
It's true. We're serious immature as it's the play
And you expect us to believe that immature is going to let you two play with them tonight?
Well, yeah, this morning we told them we were big fans and they invited me and Katrina to play, you know
Man, I wonder why they didn't invite me to play with
They're not desperate
Hey, okay, we gotta go. Come on. Let's go play
Well, good luck. I guess yeah, we'll be watching
Yeah later
Six one two three four five six double me low
Hey, where you guys been? I thought you guys were gonna play with us. Hey
We don't have time to play anymore. We're about to go on stage
Hey, what are those instruments for?
Oh, well, you know
Okay, guys, it's time for him mature to go on. Come on. Come on guys.
Hell, uh, don't say it. Let's just send it to someone, you know
Everyone it's here around
Steppy show next up for shows coming together
Our trip we took last summer to visit the Grand Coulee Dam
My brother Pete birthed in 23 different states, Mexico and the Grand Canyon
It wasn't until we got home that our dad flipped out
That got it
Nickelodeon presents the adventures of Pete and Pete starring Pete and Pete's brother Pete. Today's adventure the burping room
Using a napkin as a blueprint and pausing only meat in occasional chicken pot pie
He built the soundproof burping room in just 10 days
You open the airlock turn on the intake valve and you burp into the tube
Take it into the room, mister
Pete had to spend most of his free time in the burping room and he said he didn't mind
But after inventing 14 new kinds of burps including the experimental brawl blur he may have heard about
He got lonely and gave up
He says he's learned his lesson, but I've seen him in the backyard recently
Burping in a bag
And I know he's up to something
Only one great tasting juicy flavor really gets you moving get your friends scared up grab a stick of juicy fruit
The taste is gonna move you juicy taste
Going strong
The taste of juicy fruit is gonna move you all day long
Juicy fruit is gonna move you
Suck a sweet get right to you
Juicy fruit the taste the taste the taste is gonna move you
Hey, what's this thing?
It's fruit string thing the fruity snack thing that lets you do crazy things
It's a wacky hoop thing a loopy loop thing
A swing and bind thing
A fishing line thing
A walk the brutal thing
A fruity noodle thing a tasty thing
Loop string thing you can make it's your thing
To the fabulous future world of the ultra modern house of next Tuesday
In the world of next Tuesday giant ants will rule the earth
But dear not the house of next Tuesday is equipped with the latest extermination devices
You see the earth's atmosphere in the world of next Tuesday will be polluted to the consistency of warm chiblet gravy
But fortunately the house of next Tuesday features air you can breathe
In fact, it's climate controlled
In the world of next Tuesday door to door salesmen will be replaced by viciously aggressive settler bots
But in the house of next Tuesday, you'll be safe and sound
Wouldn't you like to live in the house of next Tuesday? Of course you would
So why let me go on about it experience it for yourselves
This gentleman is the state of the art in luxury living a monument to modern design
And the best thing about the house of next Tuesday is
We get a 10 day free trial
Now, uh, where do they keep the child in this dump?
Ah, I think the kitchen is over this way. The oh boy
Hope they got something good in the fridge. I am in the mood for some future meat products
Ren welcome to the future of jerky technology
The jerky 2000
Please select the jerky of your preference
Hmm teriyaki
pepperoni
I love sweet jerky make mine sour
Man, I can almost taste that barbecue shoe leather now
Hey commencing jerky processing tenderizing meat
Marinating meat
Tenderizing meat again
Lots more tenderizing
Shredding meat smoke and dry
The oh boy. I do love a good piece of jerky
Don't you read
Welcome to the bathroom of next
Yikes, man, that toilet seat is colder than a well diggers chicken
Don't worry, Ren. No more frosty toilet seats in the world of next Tuesday
Observe
Be ready in few minutes. Thank you for using the bathroom of the house of next Tuesday
Oh, man, ah bathrooms are yours, buddy
Fun e
What the heck is that?
It's the new censorama tv, Ren
The television of next Tuesday puts you right in the picture
It's fun
Here you try
What the
Hey, I can't see anything. I'll try and find you a good station, Ren
Wait, I I see it. I see it today. We are cooking something really good
Let's have a smell
Okay
Oh boy, that smells are so good. I gotta smell it again
Hey, that doesn't smell pretty good. It's great too
And now we cook our main course a nice a big fat lobster
Oh boy. I love lobster. Look how fresh and tender he is. That's a good
Fresh and uh
Heavens, Ren. What on earth are you watching?
Oh, no, I'm not going in there
Some cockamamie futuristic bad will probably rip me to shreds
Oh, come on pal. You're just tense
You need the kind of relaxation only the bedroom of next Tuesday can provide
Well, maybe you're right
I could use some shut up
There's no bad in this room. Yeah, there is Ren. There's an instant bed. I'll set it up for us
That's it
Sure. Look it says just add one drop of water
Stew made in puppets. You'll never work. It will once I get into my utility belt
What does it? I'm getting out of here
House of stupid Tuesday
Oh by the by did I forget to mention that the house of next Tuesday also features
Cripes
I wish we'd never come to this place. I can arrange that Ren with that time machine over there
Huh time machine sure Ren. It's a convoluted plot device
I'll be done. It is a time machine
Does that mean we can go anywhere in time?
Sure
It can take us back to before we got here, you know our used to be or even further back in time
To errors where we can exploit our knowledge of next Tuesday where we can live on easy street for the rest of our lives
Hmm, you know, that just might work
Yeah, yeah, go to it genius
It's almost ready, Ren
Boys D.B. Next up the past. That was weird
I
Right back on
What will I be like with our inventions made by black americans? There'd be no clothes dryers
The clothes dryer embedded by bf jackson and that's just another reason why black history is your history
Getting a hold of a crisp delicious eggo waffle is not always easy
But for that golden eggo goodness
The chance to fix it up just the way you like it to cut that perfect piece
Almost any effort is well worth
Eggo waffles the part of a good breakfast. That's too good to let go
Hey, let go my eggo. Did he say
Lego
Dr. Mario
They're on one game back tetris and dr. Mario. It's twice as insane only for super nes
I'm gonna kick your tail. No, I'm gonna kick your tail. No, I'm gonna
And you two win the three
Ren and stupid
Stampy
Uh-huh. Oh, yes. I'm putting lots of mustard on
A triple decker cream chipped head cheese corned ham and pastrami on rye with the words delicious
There you go
Hope you like it buddy
I'm afraid to ask but what are you doing?
Yeah, I am pushing food into my head Ren for my friend
Your friend
Yeah, Ren
My face a friend in your face. What kind of dopey crap is that?
It's true Ren since my sabbatical in the amazon my head's been inhabited by a friendly parasite named chuchu nongong head
Have a look
Oh brother
Well, he's friendly. All right
Oh, well, this is all being quite entertaining
I don't think I've ever dreamed about head parasites before pretty soon
I'll find myself in the fifth grade taking a math test in my underwear. Well, I'd better get back to bed before I wake up
Good night steampy
Good night
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, he's here just a second. It's for you chuchu
Thank you. Hello. Oh, uh, hello muni fine
Oh
By all means yes
Stop by some time for a visit. Whoops. Uh, hold on a sec muni. Someone's at the door
Yes
Well, here I am your long lost cousin muni bratwiler. Hi ya cunt
This here's a ride pretty bar. Where do we sleep?
I'm sorry muni. You can't stay here
Hey, what I need to say is
That you can move into the apartment next door free of charge
It's been empty for years
Well, this place is perfect. I done found myself a home. Let's celebrate
Steampy wherever that music is coming from next and turn it down
Uh, uh
Okay, run there. How's that run?
run
Oh, he's sleeping like a baby
There you are sleepyhead. I was just about to call you
Oh
What a night lots of weird dreams and voices
But say that breakfast smells pretty good
Well, it ought to I was up all morning fixing it
Ex-Benedict creep suzette link sausage toast and cafe late
Boy my favorites
Well, isn't that a co-inky dink? They're my friend and my face's favorites, too
What are you some kind of nutcase? This is the last straw. I ain't fed up with you
You
Shoot I couldn't sleep with all that holler and it going on
I ain't hardly even tired no more
Is you piggy?
I know what we ought to do. Let's wrestle
I don't want to hear any more about your make-believe face friend
Are you okay ren?
You're acting kind of strangely
Why cousin tutu? What are you doing here?
Hi annuni
Hey, I was cleaning stimpy's head and I thought you might want these
Dinos scrapings and nose nuggets I had left over. Thank you kindly. Come on. Let's put it to use
I'm planning a fine crop come spring
So I started making me a nice composting
Say that's something. What are you growing? Why tix diggers and headlice, of course
Are you using fresh manure?
Well fresh is kind son
Ren is that steer manure cologne you're wearing
Think the voices
I don't understand what's
Happening to me you find yourself waking up with the taste of raw sewage in your mouth
Uh, yes, and has your head put on 15 or 20 pounds?
Yes
Ren
You are with head parasite
Yes
But I don't want to hate parasite
Please Ren, please not in your condition
Where are you freaking frackin face of?
Howdy y'all, are you?
Better let me handle this. I've had lots of parasitic experience. Excuse me, Ren. I'll be right back
Nothing like a hot bowl of gruel to come one shattered nerves
A friend in my face my honey stuck on this
Living my face will you got you now you little bourbon
That'll teach you to
See them play he'll suck that freeloader out. Ah, I hear thunder about the rain of cloud in the sky
Oh
Doggy they can grease through
Huh the pilot lights done gone out
This'll do her
This place is unfit for habitation
Sorry, sir
Your head is due for demolition
Oh, what a whole list dump is I ain't staying here a second longer
But but I don't want to have my head torn down
Well, Ren, then there's only one solution
Urbane renewal
Of course, we'll have to have your head renovated sure man
Anything you say
Oh
Parasites and lies to like
Welcome to the grand gala opening of the glorious new
parasite arms luxury condominium tower
Right place at just the right time eat iccas friendly playful terrifying
Crom short happy-go-lucky repulsive
Old lean-up smart sensitive
They're all
There's something missing. Oh, yeah, and the grumble horrible despicable
Captivating I just love being me. Watch all be real monsters Sunday mornings at 11 10 central on nick
Lothian
From the creator of the mighty dust
It's a fat cap. No, man. You wanted a camp for Jerry and his friends
It was more than a dream come true
It was a place where they could stand tall
As good as anybody walk proud take them down cappy and fly high
Walk Disney pictures presents
heavy weights
Rated PG starts friday february 17
Okay, you little peanut butters. I know you're new at this but get ready
Oh boy, if you want to earn your ems show them what you're made of smooth peanut butter go
Rich milk chocolate go
A colorful candy shell go
We're the new chocolate bars peanut butter with the crunch. What a bright squad. They're smart too
Looks like we're in for another fun night
Don't even think about it
Yoo-hoo earth the fam. Oh, hi
Uh, when did you guys get here?
Must be a pretty interesting book
It is it's a history book history. Could you find something more boring?
You didn't think it was boring when you asked me to study with you after school
Frank
All right, I admit it. I thought it'd be fun to hang out
Not much for history, but uh, I am fun to hang out with
Unlike some guys can we start?
Some people think history is boring because it's all about stuff that's gone and forgotten
My story is about a guy who finds out that the old saying is true
History always repeats itself
And if you don't learn from the past
You'll be doomed to repeat it
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call the story
The tale of the long ago locket
431 bc
The Spartan army invades the ancient city of Attica
422 bc
The Spartans win
Major battle at Epipolis
Jimmy was a smart guy who pretty much had it all together
Except for when it came to april
It's not easy telling someone you like them
Especially if you're not sure they feel the same way
Every day jimmy walked home from school through the same park
This was like most days
Except that events from a time long ago
Were about to put their mark on his life
Today
How are you?
I'm good, uh
Can you believe how boring this greek history stuff is?
You think so?
I really like it
I mean, I didn't mean like bad boring. I meant like, you know, I wish she'd speak faster
So we could learn more because it's so interesting
Kind of boring
Oh
I get it
Anyway, did you know they're opening the ice rink on saturday?
Really?
Yeah, I love skating
Do you like skating?
I love it. I used to go all the time
I love it too
I like skating
I mean, I I said that already
Would you want to get together sometime and go skating?
Guys, what's happening?
Not much
Saturday night's the opening night tower of blood part four. Do you want to go?
Jimmy and I were talking about maybe
No, no, no, no. Go to the flick. I mean, I heard it's great. Uh
Really? Just go ahead. Maybe some other time we can get together
Hey, what do you think? I don't see you in there. Why don't you come out of the bushes, huh?
Come on out. You're not going to scare me again
Forget it
Harrisville, do you know the way?
Harrisville the way
They're approaching from the west
Come with me. They'll hang if they catch you
What? Who?
They're reloading. Now's our chance
You'll hide here until they pass then you will direct me to Harrisville. What's going on?
Jimmy
What are you doing?
Hey bud, you all right?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. I just uh
I lost the contact lens
Since when do you wear contacts? Oh, I just started. They're great. I see. Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, I'm fine
We'll help you look for it
No, that's okay. I can uh, do you find it? Yeah
Yeah, I sure did
It's a button from a Minuteman uniform
late 18th century
higher
Founded in the park. Did you?
How'd you know that? Well the battle of Harrisville was fought there
Over 200 years ago the line between the Minutemen and the British ran right through the park
But this here is very unusual
Why? Well, most artifacts that people bring in are old and rusted and decayed
This looks new
If I didn't know better, I'd say a Minuteman had worn this this very day
Pay all heads up. Come on. You gotta wake up man. I mean, it's not like we're in history class anymore
Ah, sorry. Now go on
You sure you're okay? Yeah, I'm fine
Sorry the wind took it
Yeah, well now we've got to go on a safari to find it
No, wait, um, I'll get it. It's okay. We can all go. No
Um, I mean it was my fault. Look, I'll go get it and then I'll catch up with you guys later
I'll meet you at Molly's all right. You're sure. Yeah, just get me a cheeseburger or something. Okay
Suit yourself. But if you don't find it, you're paying. That's all I'm going
This is a stunt or a joke, right guys?
I
Come on. This isn't funny guys
Uh
All right, you got me now. Let's all just go home and laugh
You're gonna hand me I know they'll do the same to me if they catch me
How well do you know these woods?
Uh, pretty well. I mean I come through them every day. Good
You will guide me to Harrisville
Look buddy, I don't know what's going on, but I'm getting out of here, all right
You don't understand
I must get to Harrisville
I'm lost if I don't what is so important about Harrisville
You ever cared about somebody and you didn't have the courage to tell them
Yeah, what is her name?
April I love his emeline. I once tried to tell her I loved her
I looked into her eyes
But the words weren't there
Tonight in Harrisville. She's marrying a man. She doesn't love
I must get there and give her this locket as a sign of my love
I pray that it will succeed where my words have failed. I'm thinking new friend
We share the same spirit to bind our friendship. What year is this? The year of our lord 1700 and 80
Run, we stand a better chance apart, but please remember my plight
Pray to the dark after this
What will I be like with our inventions made by black america? You'd have no stoplights
The stoplight invented by garret morgan and that's just another reason why black history is your history
If kids like me were running the world, I'd be able to jam and my big brother would want me on the scene
I'll give you my skateboard. I'll give you my allowance. My stereo. My bike. Please
But I'd be in the NBA
I'd have my own agent a million
Triophilion dog everyone would want my autograph
And after gangs we go to mcdonald's well, I don't know whatever I want because I'd have a huge contract
Give me one every I'd get the cool commercials all the arches all from this is here nothing but next
Hey, it could happen
Next trying something different weekdays at five four central this week. It's the adventures of peed and peed
Miss it and
This week at five four central only on nickelodeon
Watch out. It's coming back. We now return to are you afraid of the dog?
I'd say sometime between 1770 and 1800
Nicely carved deer bone handle. I'll give you 150 dollars for it. Um, I'm sorry. It's not for sale about the inscription
Lieutenant william
Yeah
I seem to remember something
Hey, you mean you've heard of it. I'll think you'll find what you need here
Uh
Well, I don't often lend my books
Ah, but then I don't often meet a young man so interested in history
One tragic case that has become legend is the story of a certain militiaman lieutenant william
during the battle of harrisville township september 17 1780 he was captured by british troops and
Hung is a spy from a large willow tree
He's apparently trying to get to harrisville to profess his love to a young lady
The willow tree known as hangman's tree still stands in the park today
Uh, I need to be excused why mr. Armstrong a friend of mine needs some help your friend can wait
Sit down
Where's my frisbee?
Sorry, I couldn't find it. Hey you owe me
Why didn't you meet us at molly's? I ordered you a burger. Yeah, and I ate it. Thanks
Would you turn that down, please?
What's up? Be nice and kind of strange
Remember the other day when you saw me in the ditch
I wasn't looking for a contact lens
I was escaping from red coats
Red what?
Red coats. I mean they thought I was a spy. They were gonna hang me
Now they're gonna hang lieutenant william because he doesn't know the way to harrisville to tell online
He loves her and I've got to show him the way before it's too late
Uh, yeah, I gotta go jimmy wait
Hey, wait a second your boombox
Yeah, what about it? Well, can I borrow it?
What for you're gonna play tunes for some pals from deep space? Oh, come on. I'm not kidding josh
Okay, fine take it. Thanks
I'm coming with you. No
Just wait here. All right. I mean it
And hey, don't waste my batteries
From George the third king of england in all its domains
And in accordance with the arc regulating trees in his acts of 1777
I hereby commit the rebel lieutenant william
hang by the neck until
Kill me
There's no end to the treachery of these barbarians
There's a brook in the woods follow it till it crosses an old fence
Then follow the fence take it right to the edge of harrisville. It's a secret route. I use as a kid
You have to get the town. I'll draw him off. No
Thank you my friend. Don't make my mistake. If you love her tell her. Yeah, I will go go
I'm sorry
I didn't mean to scare you
I didn't know anyone was on the trail
No, I'm sorry. See I just thought you
Forget it
Are you okay? Yeah, are you okay? Oh, I hope you made it
who
Friend why did you come?
I was worried about you
I care about you. I care about you too
I have for a long time. I just didn't know how to say it
What changed your mind? Why did that happen?
Because he made it
He got promoted to captain he survived
For a long time. I wanted to tell you how much I cared about you and
Just didn't have the words
Maybe this can say it for me. Jimmy checked the history book that the antique dealer had given him
The paragraph about william had changed
It said that he made it to harrisville
Proved his love to emeline and married her
As for jimmy and april well, I'll let you figure that one out for yourselves
The end cool. I guess history can be interesting
Yeah, I guess
I've got a couple of tickets to the phantasmagoria concert. I was wondering if maybe you and I could
I'm sorry. She's already going with me
And me I had three tickets
so
base
Just that means uh, your history
The sound of something new and to let you know how committed I am to getting you the lowdown on what kids are into
I'm making the following pledge
I promise to go anywhere and do anything to find out what's going on in your world
I will try out the newest games in sports. I will sample the latest foods and fashions
I'll hang out with sports superstars and get up close and personal with big-time celebrities
And it's a tough job, but someone's got to do it. Watch being found to something new next friday at 7 36 30 central on nick
We will play 10,000 will win. So especially mark telox boxes for rules to enter the donkey kong giveaway without purchase, right?